As a Kansas girl, I may be biased, but the Midwest doesn’t get enough credit for its culinary contributions. If the idea of Midwest cooking only brings to mind beige on beige casseroles, then you’ll be surprised by all that the region has to offer (although casseroles deserve all the love). To showcase just how far-reaching the Midwest’s contributions are, I’ve rounded up all of the best dishes of the region, from Kansas City BBQ (represent!) to Chicago’s iconic deep-dish pizza to Cincinnati Chili (it has to be seen to be believed).

Whether you’re also missing your Midwest roots, are craving some classic, indulgent comfort food, or are simply looking for what to cook while you blast Chappell Roan's "The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess" (IYKYK), these recipes will feel like comfort in a dish. Come for the BBQ, stay for the funeral potatoes—they're deathly delicious.
ater Tot Casserole

No wonder this casserole is a Midwestern staple—it's a total guilty pleasure. This casserole varies, so adjust based on what you have on hand! Ground turkey or chicken would be a delicious swap out for the beef. If you're really being good (I'm impressed!), top the casserole with zucchini tater tots in place of the potato variety.
The toppings:
There are so many textures to explore in this dish, from being lightly crisp on the outside to soft in the center tot and the velvety saucy ground meat. Sure, it’s great by itself, but a dollop of sour cream and a splash of hot sauce are never a bad idea.

Storage:
Meal prep the base and store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for 1 to 2 days. Pour into your casserole dish, sprinkle with cheese, and add the tater tots. Bake, let cool, and store in airtight containers for up to 2 days. You can also portion into individual foil packets, freeze for up to a few weeks, and reheat for a quick afternoon lunch in the home office.

Made this recipe? Let us know in the comments below!
Growing up in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, it was basically inevitable that I'd become a huge sports fan, most particularly for the Steelers. Of course, there are other sports to follow and cheer for, but there's just something about football and fall—the leaves changing, the sweater wearing, the cozy vibes, the temperatures dropping—that make this time of year truly magical. But as a old-school editor who's been a part of many talented teams, sometimes I've found myself to be the only football fan on staff, Delish included. The rest of my coworkers may not know much about football, but they certainly know a lot about food! So when I'm invited to a tailgate with people who know I work in the food industry, it's time to step it up. Delish's honor is on the line, as well as whichever team wins the game (hopefully mine!). Luckily, I've got these 11 go-to dishes I can turn to whenever I have to live up to the challenge.

Be it a giant party sub that everyone can share, portable tots that folks can pick up and eat on the walk to the game, or an all-out football field in dip-form, these are the recipes that everyone at your next tailgate will love. I'm speaking from personal experience! They've gotta be easy to make, easy to eat, and versatile enough for everyone to indulge in. Trust me: You'll soon become the most popular fan at any tailgate. Enjoy football season and let's go Steelers!
make fried rice! Fried rice works best with chilled leftover rice actually. Fresh rice can fry up a bit mushy. But leftover rice that had a chance to dry out a bit? Perfect for frying.

Pretty much anything can go into fried rice—usually a combination of veggies, beaten egg, and a protein such as the shrimp we are using in this recipe, or chicken, fish, or tofu.

This recipe for shrimp fried rice comes from my dear friend Jaden of SteamyKitchen.com. She learned how to make the best fried rice from her mother (after a rather funny failed attempt when she was a teen). It’s super easy, and comes together in less than half an hour.
As mentioned, use chilled leftover rice! The dry refrigerator air helps dry the rice a bit, which is why cold leftover rice never tastes as good the next day if you eat it straight, but it’s perfect for frying.
Use high heat. You don’t need a blazing hot restaurant kitchen stove, just patience to let your pan get hot. A hot pan will help everything fry quickly and help keep ingredients from sticking.
Fry ingredients separately. To keep the ingredients and their flavors from mushing together, cook them separately, yet in the same pan. Start with the protein (in this case the shrimp), cook it until it’s almost done, then remove from the pan, and start cooking the other ingredients—the eggs next, then the rice. Add the protein and eggs back to the rice at the end.
Minimize stirring. If you want browning, don’t stir. Just spread the rice out in the pan and let the pan do the work
NOTE:Make sure to use leftover, day old rice when making fried rice. Freshly made rice will make a fried rice that's mushy.
Recipe reprinted with permission from Jaden's fabulous The Steamy Kitchen Cookbook: 101 Asian Recipes Simple Enough for Tonight's Dinner. See her book for more recipes!
 Tips for Making My Zucchini Ricotta Pasta

Don’t overcook the pasta: The pasta will continue to cook when added to the sauce, so make sure to cook it until just al dente when boiling it, or it will end up mushy.
 I really love sautéed zucchini, especially in a rich pasta dish. I originally tried stirring the zucchini straight into the pasta for this recipe, but I like it more as a hearty topping instead. When cooked in a skillet, the zucchini becomes blistered and browned in spots but still slightly crispy (not soggy), making it the perfect topping.

Since the ricotta sauce is very creamy, something crispy goes well with it. I like to make crisp breadcrumbs by cooking them in butter in a small skillet over low heat until they are browned. You could make these slightly spicy with some red pepper flakes, but I kept them mild and just added some Italian seasoning. The breadcrumbs are optional, but worth it!
 There’s really no food that shouts “Spring!” louder than the fresh, tender stalks of asparagus that emerge from the ground in March and April. I know some people who memorize where wild patches of asparagus grow and mark the beginning of warmer weather by harvesting their own shoots. As a Californian and a city dweller, I harvest my asparagus in a nearby supermarket, but the arrival of rows upon rows of bunched stalks is still a sign that the seasons are changing.
While there are many ways you can enjoy your early spring asparagus, one of my favorites is to pair it with shrimp in a simple, weeknight-friendly pasta dish. The asparagus’ sweet, vegetal profile compliments the shrimp’s slightly sweet flavor, and both ingredients have a similar tender but toothsome texture.
Want to hear the best part about this combination? They can be cooked at the same time—in the same pan—with a quick “sauce” of garlic, white wine, and lemon juice inspired by traditional shrimp scampi recipes. The pasta can even finish cooking right in the same pot.
With very little effort, you have a perfect, seasonal meal that’s pretty enough for company and tasty enough that everyone in the family will enjoy it.
How To Choose Your Shrimp
Shrimp are sold in a variety of ways. Typically, at large Asian grocery stores with a really good fish counter, you can find everything from live, head-on shrimp swimming in a tank to bags of pre-peeled shrimp in the freezer aisle.
And then there’s the question of size; these delectable crustaceans come in a variety of sizes, from the “super colossal” monsters that are big enough to stuff to “tiny” or “baby” shrimp.
While some purists will tell you that you really need to buy head-on shrimp if you want the best flavor and texture, it’s not at all necessary for this recipe. After all, we’re going to be throwing them in a pan and stirring them around, not carefully preparing them for sushi.
The best shrimp for this recipe is “medium” or “large” pre-shelled, deveined shrimp labeled “21/25” from the freezer aisle. This size shrimp will cook in just the same amount of time as the asparagus so you can cook the two ingredients together making this recipe extremely convenient.
 It’s worth noting that these pre-prepped shrimp will still have their tails attached. These pieces are inedible but create the classic shape you see in most shrimp dishes and should stay on, to be removed as you eat.
My only caveat about buying shrimp is that you should always look at where the shrimp was caught—I typically purchase shrimp that was caught in North America or Mexico.
Thaw your shrimp an hour or two before you plan to use them by setting them in a colander, then rinse them with cold water when they’ve thawed. You can also run some cold water over it to speed up the process.
 Green seasoning varies from cook to cook and depends widely on what is available in your fridge and what you feel like adding to the mix. Traditionally green seasoning is made in a mortar and pestle, but I highly recommend using a blender or food processor to save time.
The green seasoning can be made ahead of time and placed in the freezer or refrigerator.
 The main spices used in Guyanese chicken curry are Madras curry powder and garam masala. Madras curry powder is a blend that is hotter than a standard curry powder. I recommend using this type of curry powder for this recipe for the best flavor.

Garam masala is a spice blend that contains cinnamon, coriander, cumin seeds, cardamom seeds, clove, and fennel seeds (just to name a few) The seeds are toasted and then ground into a powder and used in curries.
Guyana was once a British colony and therefore our food is heavily influenced by British cooking and customs including British-Indian cuisine. Curry is a generalized term, but in Guyanese cuisine we recognize curry powder as a single ingredient.
When making Guyanese curries using pre-packaged masalas and curry powder is very common. However, some people make their own curry powder and garam masala and store it for a few months at a time. Curry powder is a similar blend to garam masala except it contains turmeric which is what gives the dish a yellow hue. Homemade curry powders vary in their ingredients and from cook to cook. You’ll find spices such as curry leaves, cardamom, clove, coriander seeds, cumin seeds, fennel, mustard seed, black pepper, and chilies to name a few, and in different amounts.
Wiri Wiri Pepper Substitutions
Sourcing wiri wiri peppers, little cherry peppers from the Caribbean, can be difficult. There are some shops on Etsy that sell these peppers if you can’t find them locally. You can swap them for habanero or Scotch bonnet peppers.
 First, you’ll start with a slice of bread—milk, white, or even sourdough bread. Spread on a generous layer of softened cream cheese before topping it with your favorite jam or marmalade. It could be blueberry jam, apricot marmalade, or even ube halaya, the popular purple yam jam staple in the Philippines. If you don’t have any jams at home, you can use chocolate or hazelnut spread.
Once assembled, pop the toast into the microwave for up to 20 seconds. The heat softens the cream cheese and allows it to mix slightly with the jam, creating a warm, sweet treat reminiscent of decadent cheesecake. The best part is it takes just minutes to make.
What I love most about this toast is its comfort and versatility. It’s like a sweet, warm, toasty hug! My favorite variation is to use berry cream cheese (instead of plain cream cheese), a little blueberry jam, and to tie it all together with honey and sea salt. For a bit of crunch, I add chopped nuts or granola.
 I attribute the success of this particular dish to the feta. Tossed with the other ingredients, it adds a little bit of creaminess and briny saltiness to each bite, giving the salad a flavor to rally around without the need for a dressing or extra ingredients. Don’t skip it, and go with good-quality feta if you can find it.
  The original inspiration for this recipe came from sheer desperation: I had a half hour between Zoom work calls, a bunch of asparagus that was beginning to go limp in the crisper drawer, and an otherwise empty fridge. Oh, and I was starving.
As soon as my morning calls ended, I fired up the oven and got the asparagus roasting, and then put some brown rice on the stove to simmer. This gave me about twenty minutes to answer Slack messages and emails before throwing the roasted asparagus and rice in a mixing bowl along with a can of tuna, a can of cannellini beans, and a half package of feta I found while scrummaging around. I was huffing and puffing when I arrived at my next meeting, but at least I had something to eat while I listened in!
To my delight, what I thought was going to be merely a functional “get food in my belly” meal ended up being quite tasty. I have since made this recipe several more times. It’s quick, makes a few servings, and lasts for days in the fridge. I consider this my new go-to desperation meal for lunch and dinner.
 Serving Suggestions
You can really swap any of the ingredients in this recipe for whatever you have on hand:
Instead of asparagus, try… Roasted cauliflower, broccoli, brussels sprouts, or another hearty roasting vegetable.
Instead of brown rice, try… barley, farro, white rice, or bulgar wheat.
Instead of tuna fish, try… canned salmon, leftover shredded chicken, or crumbled seitan or tofu (I’d roast the seitan or tofu with the asparagus)
Instead of cannellini beans, try… chickpeas, navy beans, or any other favorite canned bean.
Instead of feta, try… another creamy, crumbly cheese like goat cheese or queso fresco.
You can also serve the salad on top of mixed greens or mix a few handfuls of arugula into the salad. Chopped romaine, celery, or bell peppers would add some nice crunch.
 Why Grill Asparagus?
The smoky flavor, the char marks. Tender, but still with a little crunch. Grilled asparagus is seriously so good! I could eat it like French fries (and have).
The best thing about grilling asparagus? It’s so easy. You don't need anything more than thick asparagus spears, olive oil, salt, and a hot grill. It just takes a few minutes to get some char.
