Gather the ingredients.
Soak rice noodles in hot water until flexible, 10 to 15 minutes. Occasionally move the noodles around to separate them. Drain the water and cover with a wet paper towel.
Combine oyster sauce, soy sauce, Asian fish sauce, maple syrup, sugar, and water in a small bowl.
Heat vegetable oil and sesame oil in a wok, or large frying pan, over medium-high heat. Stir-fry shallots, chile peppers, and garlic until shallots are soft, about 2 minutes. Move the mixture around the outside of the pan to create a space and add chicken. Sear for 1 minute, then combine with shallot mixture.
Add Chinese broccoli stems and stir-fry until tender, about 2 minutes.
Add drunken noodle sauce and sliced scallions; mix well and cook until sauce begins to simmer.
Add soaked rice noodles and toss to coat until noodles have absorbed the sauce and are cooked through, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat.
Stir in Thai basil leaves until wilted. Taste and adjust seasoning if needed. Serve.
Place half of angel food cake pieces in the bottom of a deep 8-x-8-inch  or 9x9-inch baking dish in an even layer. Spread 1 cup cherry pie filling over top of cake. Top with remaining cake pieces in an even layer.
Whisk together vanilla pudding mix, whole milk, and sour cream in a large bowl until slightly thickened and smooth, about 1 minute.
Pour pudding mix over top of cake and spread evenly.
Spread thawed whipped topping over pudding layer. Dot with remaining 1 cup cherry pie filling. Using a toothpick or spoon, swoop and swirl pie filling into the whipped topping. Refrigerate, uncovered, for at least 8 hours or up to 12 hours. Garnish with sliced almonds.
In an 11 or 12-inch skillet with tall sides, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Add the zucchini, spread it into an even layer, and cook long enough to develop a little golden brown color, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute.
Add the tomatoes, water, salt, and pepper, and bring to a simmer.
Add the tortellini and corn kernels, toss, and cover the skillet with a lid. Cook until the tortellini is cooked through, tossing once, 4 to 6 minutes. Garnish with fresh herbs, if using, and serve with grated Parmesan and crushed red pepper flakes for passing at the table, if desired.
Store leftovers in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 3 days.
Dice 1 small yellow onion (about 2/3 cup). Mince 3 garlic cloves. Thinly slice 1/2 cup drained oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes. Finely grate 1 ounce Parmesan cheese if needed (about 1/2 cup lightly packed), or measure out 1/3 cup store-bought grated.
Cut 2 large boneless, skinless chicken breasts in half horizontally (also known as butterflying). Pat dry with paper towels. Season all over with 1 teaspoon of the kosher salt and 1/2 teaspoon black pepper.
Heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat until shimmering. Add half of the chicken in a single layer and sear until browned, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a large plate (the chicken will not be cooked through). Add 1 tablespoon of the olive oil to the pan and repeat browning the remaining chicken. Transfer to the same plate.
Reduce the heat to medium. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, if needed, and heat until shimmering. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the garlic, sun-dried tomatoes, and 2 teaspoons dried Italian seasoning. Cook until fragrant, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Add 5 ounces baby spinach a handful at a time. Cook, stirring regularly, until just wilted, 1 to 2 minutes.
Add the Parmesan, 1 1/4 cups heavy cream, and the remaining 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt. Bring to a simmer, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Reduce the heat to maintain a gentle simmer. Return the chicken and any accumulated juices on the plate to the pan and cook until the chicken is cooked through and registers at least 165ºF on an instant-read thermometer, 4 to 7 minutes.
In a large pot, bring 3 cups of water to a rolling boil. Add the lobster tails and let boil very briefly (1-2 minutes) until pink. Turn the heat off. Remove the lobster tails with a pair of tongs. Do not discard the lobster cooking water. When the lobster is cool enough to handle, remove the shell and cut into large chunks.
In a large deep pan or cast iron skillet, heat 3 tbsp olive oil. Turn the heat to medium-high and add the chopped onions. Saute the onions for 2 minutes then add the rice, and cook for 3 more minutes, stirring regularly. Now add the chopped garlic and the lobster cooking water. Stir in the saffron and it’s soaking liquid, paprika, cayenne pepper, aleppo pepper, and salt. Stir in the chopped tomatoes and green beans. Bring to a boil and let the liquid slightly reduce, then cover (with lid or tightly with foil) and cook on low heat for 20 minutes.
Uncover and spread the shrimp over the rice, pushing it into the rice slightly. Add a little water if needed. Cover and cook for another 10 minutes or until the shrimp turns pink. Finally, add the cooked lobster chunks. When the lobster is warmed through, turn heat off. Garnish with parsley.
Serve the paella hot with your favorite white wine.
Steam the clams. Into a large skillet, add 1/4 cup dry white wine (seafood stock, vegetable broth, or water) and the clams. Cover and set on medium-high heat. Let the clams cook for about 8 minutes, until they have all opened. Discard any that have not opened after 10 minutes. Transfer the clams to a bowl, leaving the juices in the skillet.
Steam the mussels. Add the remaining 1/4 cup wine and mussels to the skillet, cover, and cook over medium-high for 5 minutes, or until all the mussels have opened. Toss out any that have not opened within 10 minutes. Using a skimmer or tongs, transfer the mussels to the bowl with the clams and let them cool briefly.
Strain the shellfish cooking juices. Line a fine-mesh sieve with a layer of damp paper towel and set it over a bowl. Pour the clam and mussel juices through the sieve and let them drip into the bowl. Cover and refrigerate until you make the dressing.
Shuck the clams and mussels. With your fingers, pluck out the clams and mussels from their shells and transfer them to a clean bowl. Pour a splash of the reserved shell fish juices over the shellfish to keep them moist. Cover and refrigerate.
Steam the shrimp. Place a steamer basket inside a medium saucepan and add an inch of water. Make sure the bottom of the basket is above the water level. Bring the water to a boil and add the shrimp to the steamer basket. Cover and steam for 5 minutes, or until the shrimp are just cooked through. Transfer them to a bowl.
Poach the calamari. Remove the steaming basket from the pot of water. Add more water to the pot if needed so that there is enough to cover the calamari. Add a fresh bay leaf and a generous pinch of salt. Bring the water to a boil and drop in the calamari, stirring to separate the pieces. Simmer gently for 5 to 7 minutes, or until the pieces are opaque but still very tender. Take care not to overcook or they will toughen. Use a skimmer or slotted spoon to transfer the calamari to the bowl with the shrimp.
Make the dressing. With a vegetable peeler, peel off 4 strips of zest from 1 lemon—just the yellow part, no white pith—and set them aside. Squeeze the juice of the lemon into a small bowl—you’ll need 4 tablespoons total. Whisk in 3 tablespoons of the reserved shellfish juices. Add 1/2 teaspoon salt, the garlic, parsley, and crushed red pepper. Whisk in 1/2 to 3/4 cup of extra virgin olive oil. Use less oil for a more pronounced lemon flavor, and more for a gentler flavor. Stir in the capers. Taste and add additional salt if needed.
Marinate the seafood. Place the shrimp, calamari, clams, and mussels in a large bowl and pour the dressing over them. Add the reserved strips of lemon zest and toss gently with a spoon. Tuck in remaining bay leaf, cover, and refrigerate the salad for at least 2 hours.
Make the pickled vegetables. In a bowl, toss together the celery, carrots, and radishes. Combine the vinegar, water, sugar, and salt in a small saucepan with, and heat on medium, stirring, until the sugar and salt are dissolved and the mixture is hot but not boiling. Pour the brine over the vegetables, stirring to mix everything together. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.
Assemble and serve the salad. About 30 minutes before you want to serve the salad, remove the quick-pickled vegetables from the refrigerator and drain them. Add the vegetables to the marinated seafood and toss well to combine. Cover and return the insalata di mare to the refrigerator for 30 more minutes. Serve cold. Store leftovers, covered, in the refrigerator for up to 24 hours.
Preheat oven to 350ºF. In a large bowl, combine the shredded chicken, ¼ cup enchilada sauce and a generous pinch of salt and pepper. Mix together and taste. Season with more salt and pepper as needed.
If using corn tortillas: Wrap the tortillas in a damp paper towel and heat them in the microwave for 1 minute, flipping the them halfway through until all of them are warm and pliable.
If using flour tortillas: Microwave the tortillas on a plate for 1 minute, flipping them halfway through until all of them are warm and pliable.
Assemble the enchiladas by filling each tortilla evenly with the shredded chicken mixture and 1 cup of shredded cheese. Roll the tortillas tightly to close and place in large baking dish seam side down.
Pour the remaining 1 ¾ cup enchilada sauce over the tortillas, top with the remaining 1 ½ cups shredded cheese, and bake for 20 minutes until the cheese is melted and bubbly.
Serve immediately and garnish with desired toppings.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms; cook 4 to 6 minutes or until brown, stirring occasionally. Stir in garlic and rosemary; cook 1 minute, stirring constantly. Transfer mushroom mixture to small bowl.
Return skillet to medium-high heat; add beef and sausage. Cook 8 minutes or until meat is cooked through, breaking up meat with side of spoon as it cooks. Remove skillet from heat; stir in artichokes, pepperoni, spinach, ricotta, basil and mushroom mixture.
Spread 1 cup marinara sauce in bottom of 11x14-inch baking dish. Place flour tortilla on work surface. Spoon 1/2 cup meat mixture down center of tortilla. Roll up and place seam side down in prepared baking dish. Repeat with remaining tortillas. Top enchiladas with remaining marinara sauce; sprinkle with mozzarella cheese.
Transfer to oven and bake 25 minutes. Serve garnished with Parmesan cheese, if desired.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Add diced onions and cook until softened, about 3 minutes.
Stir in minced garlic and cook for 30 seconds until fragrant.
Season chicken with salt and pepper on both sides.
Add chicken to pan and sear 4-5 minutes per side until golden.
Pour in white wine and scrape up browned bits from bottom of pan.
Reduce heat to low and simmer covered for 20 minutes.
Remove from heat and let rest 5 minutes before serving.
Garnish with fresh parsley and lemon wedges.
Combine flour, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl.
In separate bowl, whisk together eggs, milk, and melted butter.
Gradually add wet ingredients to dry ingredients until just combined.
Heat griddle or large skillet over medium heat and lightly grease.
Pour 1/4 cup batter for each pancake onto hot griddle.
Cook until bubbles form on surface, then flip and cook 1-2 minutes more.
Heat wok over high heat until smoking.
Add peanut oil and swirl to coat.
Stir-fry beef in batches until just cooked through, about 2 minutes.
Push beef to one side of wok and add aromatics.
Add soy sauce, oyster sauce, and cornstarch mixture.
Toss everything together for 30 seconds until sauce thickens.
Soak rice noodles in hot water until tender, 8-10 minutes.
Drain noodles and rinse with cold water.
Steam dumplings in bamboo steamer for 12-15 minutes.
Bring dashi to a simmer in a medium saucepan.
Add miso paste and whisk until dissolved.
Add tofu cubes and simmer gently for 2 minutes.
Garnish with sliced scallions and serve immediately.
Marinate chicken in yogurt and spices for at least 2 hours.
Thread chicken onto skewers and grill over medium-high heat.
Turn skewers every 3-4 minutes until cooked through.
Heat ghee in heavy-bottomed pot over medium heat.
Add whole spices and fry until fragrant, about 1 minute.
Add onion paste and cook until golden brown.
Stir in tomato puree and cook until oil separates.
Add ground spices and cook for 30 seconds.
Pour in coconut milk and bring to a gentle simmer.
Toast dried chiles in dry skillet until fragrant, 2-3 minutes per side.
Soak toasted chiles in hot water for 20 minutes until softened.
Blend soaked chiles with garlic and onion until smooth.
Heat lard or oil in large pot over medium heat.
Combine the luke warm milk and yeast and set aside for 5 minutes. It should be bubbly. If not, start over (your milk may have been too hot or too cold). In the bowl of a standmixer, combine all ingredients for the dough and knead for 10 minutes on the medium-low setting. Cover the bowl and allow to rest in a warm spot until doubled in size, about one hour.
Divide the dough up into equal pieces (best to use a kitchen scale), and using flour-dusted hands, shape each portion into a ball. Allow to rest for another 30 minutes (covered up by a clean linen towel).
Preheat frying oil (I prefer using avocado oil) to 160°C/320°F and bake in 3 batches, 4 Berliner each batch. You will want the donuts to be able to swim on the surface.
Fry them for about 2 ½ minutes on one side, then flip over to the other side using your strainer or slotted spoon and fry them until golden on the outside, 2 ½ more minutes. Your Berliner will fry for a total of 5 minutes. I always set a timer for this.
Fill each Berliner with your favorite jam using a decorating bag and filling tip and dust with powdered sugar. I also LOVE filling them with plum butter! So lecker!
To fill, it's easiest to twist the bag pretty tightly, so that the bag is able to stand upright when holding it in your palm. You then jab the filling tip in from the side until you almost don't see it anymore, indicating you have found the center. Push the filling in, stop pushing when your Berliner is sufficiently filled, and remove the tip. I like holding the Berliner in one palm, and the filling in the other, so I can feel the amount of filling going into the Berliner. You can also place it on a scale and add about 15 to 20 grams of jam into each Berliner (just tare in between filling since each Berliner can vary in weight). I hope this is extra helpful for you when filling your Berliner!
Put your spätzle press (or potato ricer) and serving bowls in a freezer at least 30 minutes before serving. This way your ice cream won't melt right away and look like spaghetti longer.
Make the strawberry sauce by pureeing the trimmed strawberries with the powdered sugar and vanilla extract. Strain through a fine mesh sieve and keep cold.
Set the ice cream out 10 minutes before serving.
To serve, add about ¼ cup of whipped cream in the middle of the bowl, then press 2 scoops of ice cream through the press/ricer over the whipped cream. Add the sauce.
Garnish with grated white chocolate and a mint leaf. Eat before it melts!
Pick through beans to remove any rocks or broken beans. Place beans in a large plastic container with a lid. Add 2 Tbsp. salt and 10 cups water, stirring to dissolve salt. Cover with lid and let beans soak at least 8 hours and up to overnight.
Drain and rinse beans, then transfer to a 5- to 6-qt. pot. Cover with 2 qt. fresh water. Add bay leaves and half of onion and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium and continue to cook, stirring occasionally and mashing some beans against side of pot with a wooden spoon, until starting to thicken, about 1 hour.
When beans have about 15 minutes left in their cooking time, in a large skillet over medium-high heat, heat 1 Tbsp. oil. Add ham and cook, stirring occasionally, until starting to brown, 7 to 9 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer ham to pot with beans.
In same skillet over medium-high heat, heat remaining 1 Tbsp. oil. Cook sausage, stirring occasionally, until starting to brown, 7 to 9 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer sausage to pot with beans.
In same skillet over medium heat, combine celery, bell pepper, and remaining onion; season with 1/2 tsp. salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until onions start to soften, 4 to 5 minutes. Add garlic and thyme and cook, stirring, until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes more.
Stir in broth to deglaze pan, then add to pot with beans. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until liquid is the texture and thickness of gravy, about 30 minutes. Discard bay leaves.
Divide rice and bean mixture among bowls. Top with parsley.
Preheat oven to 350°.
Melt 3 tbsp butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Sauté onion until translucent. Sprinkle with flour and cook for 1 minute. Whisk in milk and chicken stock. Bring to boil and let simmer to thicken. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat.Stir in cheeses and sour cream.
In a large bowl, combine hash browns with sauce. Transfer to a buttered casserole dish.
In a medium bowl, combine cornflakes and butter. Top casserole.
Cover the dish and bake for 45 minutes, or until bubbly.
Top with chives and serve.

Make the most of the pasta water: The pasta cooking water is a key ingredient in the pasta sauce. You want the water to be very hot when adding it to the ricotta, so pull it out right before you drain the pasta. Use a heavy hand when adding it—the sauce will look thin at first but will thicken as it cools.
Change up the pasta shape: You can use any tubular pasta for this recipe—it doesn’t have to be penne. I would shy away from long noodles like spaghetti.
Opt for another veggie: If you don’t like zucchini, try this recipe with
Rinse chicken breasts and pat dry. Place chicken into the bottom of a slow cooker. Add corn, tomatoes, chicken broth, enchilada sauce, onion, green chiles, cilantro, garlic, bay leaves, cumin, chili powder, salt, and pepper. Cover and cook on Low for 6 hours.
Transfer chicken to a large plate, then shred meat with two forks. Return shredded chicken to the slow cooker, stir to combine, and continue cooking for 30 to 60 more minutes. Discard bay leaves before serving.
Coat pork evenly with the Seasoning Mix. Place pork in slow cooker. Cover.
Cook 5 to 6 hours on HIGH or 8 to 10 hours on LOW, until pork is tender.
Shred pork in slow cooker using 2 forks. Serve meat in tortillas with desired toppings, such as queso fresco or Cotija cheese, avocado, finely chopped onions, cilantro and lime wedges.
Heat oil in Dutch oven or large saucepan on medium-high heat. Add chicken; cook 4 to 6 minutes per side or until browned.
Stir in remaining ingredients. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low; cover and simmer 20 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Serve over cooked couscous with lemon wedges, if desired.
For the Crust, whisk water and olive oil in liquid measuring cup. Place flour, yeast and salt in food processor; pulse until well blended. With machine running, gradually add water mixture just until mixed and no dry flour remains in bowl, about 30 seconds. Process 1 minute longer until dough forms a ball.
Transfer dough to lightly floured surface. Knead by hand about 30 seconds until dough is smooth, shaping into a ball. Transfer to a lightly greased bowl. Spray dough lightly with no stick cooking spray. Cover with plastic wrap. Place bowl in warm, draft-free place and allow dough to rise about 1 1/2 hours until puffy. Transfer to lightly greased sheet pan. Press and stretch dough into a rectangle about 15-inches long by 10-inches wide. Cover with plastic wrap. Place baking sheet in warm, draft-free place and allow dough to rise about 45 minutes longer.
Meanwhile, for the taco meat, brown ground beef in large skillet on medium-high heat. Drain fat. Stir in Seasoning Mix, salsa and water. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to low; simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Preheat oven to 450°F. Gently stretch dough towards corners of sheet pan to return to original size before adding pizza toppings. Spoon meat mixture evenly over crust. Sprinkle with cheese.
Bake 15 to 20 minutes or until cheese is melted and crust is lightly browned. Top with shredded lettuce and chopped tomato. Add additional toppings as desired, such as sliced jalapenos and sour cream.
Step 1: Cook the eggplant. Begin by heating 3 tablespoons of oil in a large nonstick pan over medium heat. Add the eggplant and season with ¼ teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring frequently, until soft and starting to brown, about 10 minutes, then transfer to a plate and set aside.
Step 2: Cook the zucchini. Add another tablespoon of oil to the pan (no need to clean it). Add the zucchini and cook, stirring often, until tender-crisp, 3 to 4 minutes. Season with ¼ teaspoon salt, then transfer to a plate and set aside.
Step 3: Cook the peppers and aromatics. Add 2 more tablespoons of oil to the pan, then add the onion and bell pepper. Cook, stirring often, until starting to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 2 to 3 minutes more, until everything is tender but not browned.
Step 4: Add the tomatoes and seasoning. Add the tomatoes, tomato paste, thyme, sugar, crushed red pepper flakes (if using), and ¾ teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring often, for about 5 minutes, until the tomatoes start to break down and everything is well combined. Cook until the tomatoes break down into a sauce, about 10 minutes.
Step 5: Add the eggplant and simmer. Return the cooked eggplant to the pan and bring the mixture to a gentle boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, uncovered, for about 10 minutes, or until the eggplant is very tender and the flavors have melded.
Step 6: Finish the dish. Add the zucchini back to the pan and cook for 1 to 2 minutes more, just until warmed through. Taste and adjust the seasoning if needed, then sprinkle with fresh basil and thyme before serving. Drizzle with a little olive oil if desired, and serve warm or chilled.
Gather all ingredients.
Heat olive oil in a medium pan over medium heat. Add garlic and stir until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Add butter and stir constantly until melted.
Pour in 3 cups chicken broth; add pepper and salt. Bring to a boil. Add spaghetti and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 12 minutes. Add more chicken broth if pasta starts to stick to the pan.
Add Parmesan cheese, cream, and parsley and mix until thoroughly combined. Serve immediately.
1. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium–low heat. Add the guanciale and cook, stirring occasionally, until most of the fat has rendered and the guanciale is lightly golden brown, 10-15 minutes (prioritize rendering the fat rather than crisping the meat).
2. Increase heat to medium–high and add onions. Cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are tender, lightly fried on the ends and on their way to being a little frizzled (not jammy or caramelized, more like fried and still somewhat intact), 5–8 minutes. Add 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, letting them toast in the rendered fat for 30–60 seconds or so.
3. Add the eggplant and simmer. Return the cooked eggplant to the pan and bring the mixture to a gentle boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, uncovered, for about 10 minutes, or until the eggplant is very tender and the flavors have melded.
4. Add the zucchini back to the pan and cook for 1 to 2 minutes more, just until warmed through. Taste and adjust the seasoning if needed, then sprinkle with fresh basil and thyme before serving. Drizzle with a little olive oil if desired, and serve warm or chilled.
Gather all ingredients.
3. Add tomatoes, season with salt and pepper, and reduce the heat so the sauce is moving at a gentle simmer. Cook, stirring every so often for 15–20 minutes, or until the sauce has thickened to your liking. Remove from heat and set aside while you cook the pasta.
3. Cook pasta according to the box instructions to a nice al dente, 8–10 minutes (timing will depend on the type and brand of pasta). Drain, reserving about 1 cup of pasta water (alternatively, leave pasta in the water and remove with a slotted spoon, leaving the pasta water behind).
4. Add the pasta and ½ cup pasta water to the sauce and cook, tossing frequently, until pasta is just past al dente and the sauce has thickened gorgeously, 3–4 minutes. You can always add more water if you like to make it even saucier, personal choice here. Remove from heat and add raw garlic, if using. Toss to combine and warm through to take the edge off a little. Give it a taste and season with salt, pepper and more crushed red pepper flakes, if you like.
5. To serve, divide the pasta among how many ever serving bowls you need, making sure each has plenty of sauce, too. Top with lots of pecorino and maybe more crushed red pepper flakes, perhaps a drizzle of olive oil.


FOR THE MEATBALLS

1. Mix ricotta, parsley, parmesan, bread crumbs, eggs, garlic and onion in a medium bowl. Season with salt, pepper and crushed red pepper flakes if you like and let sit for 10 minutes or so (this will hydrate your bread crumbs, which will make the meatballs v tender).

2. Add beef and pork and remaining 2 teaspoons salt. I have never had good luck with mixing this with a spoon, so I just get in there with my hands. Feels kind of good, IMO.

3. Once everything is well-mixed (it should look like...sausage or something), roll one tiny sacrificial meatball.

4. Heat olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the sacrificial meatball and cook until it’s well browned on all sides and is cooked through. Take it out of the pot and eat it. Does it taste amazing? Salty? Meaty? Tender and juicy without falling apart? Do you want it spicier? Go ahead and adjust seasoning as needed (occasionally I’ll add more salt or decide this is when I want them spicy).

5. Roll the rest of the mixture into balls about 2-inches in diameter. This is my preference, so if you enjoy a LARGER meatball, then be my beautiful guest. I get roughly 24 meatballs from this mixture, more or less.

6. Working in batches, brown the meatballs on all sides. This is not a round meatball contest, it’s a brown meatball contest. Nobody will say “damn, these taste good but I wish they were just...a little rounder?” This will take about 3–4 minutes per batch. They will not be cooked through, that’s fine-- they will finish cooking in the sauce.

7. Once the meatballs become browned, transfer them to a large bowl and continue with the rest of the meat. Once they are all browned, congratulate yourself on a job well done and let them hang out while you make the sauce.

FOR THE SAUCE

8. Without wiping out the pot, add onions and garlic to the pot and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally until they’re translucent and tender but not yet browned, 8–10 minutes. Add anchovies if you’re using them and tomato paste if you have it and stir until the anchovies are melted and the tomato paste has begun to caramelize and turn a darker shade of red, 2–3 minutes.

9. Add the fresh tomatoes and season with salt and pepper. Cook until they’re burst and jammy, 5 minutes or so. Add the canned tomatoes, fill the can halfway with water, swirl to get all the tomato bits and pour into the pot. Season with salt and pepper.

10. Bring to a simmer and adjust for salt, knowing the sauce will reduce a bit and become a bit saltier once you add the meatballs. Add your meatballs and all the juices that have collected at the bottom of the bowl.

11. Reduce the heat to low and simmer the meatballs in the sauce (uncovered) until the sauce is thickened and impossibly delicious and the meatballs are cooked through and perfectly tender, 30–40 minutes.
